Some days are just hard.
This is a sad day.
It’s just a bad day, not a bad life.
Life hurts a lot more than death.
Tears are words the heart can’t say.
There’s never a right time to say goodbye.
I don’t have many sad days.
This is a sad day for all of us.
Some days it takes a lot of work just to be ok.                                                                                 
The mind replays what the heart can’t delete.
Sadness is also a kind of defense.
I just want to feel that I’m important to someone.
It’s just a real sad day. Very tragic.
The worst kind of sad is not being able to explain why.
Wanting to be alone is very different than being lonely.
A day of worrying is more exhausting than a week of work.
You treated me like a chapter but for me, you were my book.
Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.
Grant yourself that grace that it is okay to not always be okay.
I’m sad every day, but today I don’t have the energy to hide it.
Every morning is my birthday and every night is my death day.
It hurts every day, the absence of someone who was once there.
Life is too short to be angry or sad for long.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
It hurts to be reminded of the valentines days we spent together.
I hate those days where you don’t know why, but you just feel sad.                                                                       
The day I am not able to fly will be a sad day for me.
Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
To have felt too much is to end in feeling nothing.
People keep telling me that life goes on, but to me that’s the saddest part.
I like rainy day, it reminds me that sometimes the world has sad days too.
Life’s under no obligation to give us what we expect.
One thing you can’t hide — is when you’re crippled inside.
Sometimes even tears can’t express that much pain, as much a smile is hiding.
It’s sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
One day you’ll just be a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
If you’re feeling blue – try painting yourself a different color.
What brings us to tears, will lead us to grace. Our pain is never wasted.
The saddest thing I’ve ever done was beg someone to love me the way I loved them.
Today my forest is dark. The trees are sad and all the butterflies have broken wings.
There were happy days, with watermelon, and sad days of whiskey.
Don’t desire happiness because it creates only unhappiness and nothing else.
All-day is not the same, you need to wait and be patient for the good things to happen.
I can’t wait for that day when I can finally be at peace and not feel so much pain in me.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.
If I could go back to the day we met, I’m sorry but I’d turn around and walk the other way.
Friendship is delicate as a glass, once broken it can be fixed but there will always be cracks.
Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.
On the day I lost you, I lost a father, a friend and an idol who I looked up to. I miss you dad.
Part of me aches at the thought of her being so close yet so untouchable.
Sometimes you’ve got to be able to listen to yourself and be okay with no one else understanding.
It’s sad how someone can go from being the reason you wake up smiling to crying yourself to sleep.
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses, we must plant more roses.
When you’re happy you enjoy the music, when you are sad you understand the lyrics.
Sometimes all you can do is smile. Move on with your day, hold back the tears and pretend you’re okay.
Your sadness is a gift. Don’t reject it. Live it fully and use it as fuel to change and grow.
The pain never really goes away, you just elevate and get used to it by growing stronger.
One of the hardest things you will ever have to do, my dear, is to grieve the loss of a person who is still alive.
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
You can never imagine how hard it is to spend my life without you! Come back or else I will be a body without soul!
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
Sad day, sad nights, brainy fights… These all things give only one main excuse… That today I’m “sad by my heart”.
It’s amazing how someone can break your heart and you can still love them with all the little pieces.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn’t stop for anybody.
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.
A million words would not bring you back, I know because I tried, neither would a million tears, I know because I cried.
I was once sad and lonely, having nobody to comfort me, so I wore a mask that always smiled to hide my feelings behind a lie.
Being single is a good feeling, no drama, and no heartaches. But, sometimes it gets lonely and you miss that feeling of being taken.
In your dark times, even your shadow will not be there with you. So always be ready to face unexpected problems or disasters.
Breathing is hard. When you cry so much, it makes you realize that breathing is hard.
It’s a sad day when your best friend, all the sudden just becomes one of your many memories and is no longer a part of your present or future.
It’s good to leave each day behind. like flowing water, free of sadness. Yesterday is gone and its tale told. Today new seeds are growing.
I don’t like depending on people because people leave all the time. Because at the end of the day all you have is yourself and that has to be enough.
Some days, you’ll feel sad without knowing why. Like you lost something very precious but forgot what it was, or you miss someone you never met.
Every human walks around with a certain kind of sadness. They may not wear it on their sleeves, but it’s there if you look deep.
Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
They say it’s better to bury your sadness in a graveyard or garden that waits for the spring to wake from its sleep and burst into green.