Life’a sport.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
Stronger, better, faster… Ready for anything.
Getting ready to dominate this weekend
Winning isn’t everything, it’s the only thing.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you don’t take.
Play like there’s no tomorrow.
My favorite place on earth is the field.
My favorite thing to do is to play.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
Good players want to be coached… Great players want to be told the truth.
A winner is that person who gets up one more time then he was knocked down.
I couldn’t find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.
You learn more from losing than winning. You learn how to keep going.
Imagination has a great deal to do with winning.
The secret to winning is consistency!
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.
You win some, you lose some, and some get rained out, but you gotta suit up for them all.
Victory requires payment in advance.
You sweat, you bleed, you burn.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
I love the winning, I can take the losing, but most of all I Love to play.
It’s not whether you win or lose, it’s how you play the game.
When you win, say nothing. When you lose, say less.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
A champion needs a motivation above and beyond winning.
The person that said winning isn’t everything never won anything.
The critics are always right. The only way you shut them up is by winning.
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Winning isn’t everything, but it beats anything that comes in second.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period.
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
Win If You Can, Lose If You Must, But NEVER QUIT!
Your biggest opponent isn’t the other guy. It’s human nature.
You’re never a loser until you quit trying.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
When I go out there, I have no pity for my brother. I am out there to win.
Beach sport is always best sport.
If you have everything under control, you’re not moving fast enough.
When you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less.
Some people say I have attitude – maybe I do…but I think you have to. You have to believe in yourself when no one else does – that makes you a winner right there.
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.
Witness the Power.
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
It is not the size of a man but the size of his heart that matters.
You can’t win unless you learn how to lose.
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than 50 preaching it.
If practice makes perfect, and no one is perfect, why practice?
What do do with a mistake: recognize it, admit it, learn from it, forget it.
You have to do something in your life that is honorable and not cowardly if you are to live in peace with yourself.
You learn more from losing than winning. You learn how to keep going.
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way.
You learn more from losing than winning. You learn how to keep going.
Never say never because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.
If you don’t have confidence, you’ll always find a way not to win.
You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours.
You’re never a loser until you quit trying.
Your biggest opponent isn’t the other guy. It’s human nature.
Push yourself again and again. Don’t give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.
Always focus on the front windshield and not the review mirror.
What do you do with a mistake: recognize it, admit it, learn from it, forget it.
Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever.